(Yves is filming the MV all day long!)
#NowPlaying "Yves / LOOΠΔ - new"
ALL : Thank you for your work!
Yves: The first day of MV shooting is over!
Yves: First of all, the weather was very cold!
Yves: And the outfit was beautiful but a bit thin...
Yves: There was a bunch of difficulties. a hard situation.
Yves: But whenever I feel like that,
Yves: I can see that many staffs are doing their best and putting a lot of effort into this MV shooting.
Yves: Just because of me.
Yves: I know that I can't shine without their effort.
Yves: It makes me have more courage to do again...!
Yves: I really appreciated it
Yves: Although I think I'm still not good enough,
Yves: I hope you love me and my music.
Yves: Please keep supporting me!
Yves: And continue to show your love to us, LOOΠΔ!
Yves: Thank you, everyone~ Look forward to the music video!
Yves: See you~